- [Instructor] Now let's take a look at how data flows
around the system.
We're going to review how data flows from
the persistence layer in Spring
to the front-end UI in Angular.
First off, let's take a closer look at
the Spring Reactive Publisher, Flux.
It can emit zero or up to any number of elements.
It will either emit a successful completion signal
after emitting all elements
or it can also emit an error signal.
Let's review a successful Flux in action.
In this example, we can see a Flux emit three values.
We then perform a stream operation on each value,
which creates a new Flux of each updated value.
Finally, the Flux emits a completion signal
after it's done.
Now let's take a look at a failed Flux.
In this graphic, we can see that a Flux
is emitting values, but encounters an error.
In this case, the Flux emits an error signal
and terminates before emitting all its values.
Reactive publishers can be chained and operated upon.
Let's take a look at a example of performing
a stream operation on a Flux.
In this simple case, we are just casting
an object to a string.
As each value's emitted, it is cast to a string.
This forms a new Flux composed of strings.
You can learn more about different operators you can use
in Appendix A of the Project Reactor documentation.
Finally, let's illustrate the flow of data
from end to end, from MongoDB to the Angular front-end.
Our Angular HTTP client sends a request,
which is picked up by the Netty event loop.
Next in the chain, WebFlux will handle that request.
Our controller will route that request
to a custom defined service implementation.
Then our service class will leverage a Spring data
Reactive Repository.
That Reactive Repository will call a Reactive Mongo client.
That Mongo client is just a Reactive streams implementation
of the standard Mongo driver.
Finally, the Mongo driver will query our MongoDB instance
in a non-blocking manner.
After this call completes,
it will propagate back up the chain
and be returned to the Angular HTTP client.
Angular will be able to display or process
the results of the request.